---
title: Over 70,000 Residents To Usher In 2024 With Heartland Celebrations As One
  United Community
permalink: /news-and-speeches/news/over-70000-residents-usher-2024-with-heartland-celebrations/
date: 2023-12-22
layout: post
description: ""
image: ""
variant: tiptap
---
<h3>Over 70,000 Residents To Usher In 2024 With Heartland Celebrations As One United Community</h3><p>&nbsp;</p><p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; About 28 year-end community celebrations will be held island wide from 30 to 31 December 2023 for residents from all walks of life to come together to usher in the New Year. <strong>Organised by the People’s Association Grassroots Organisations </strong>(PA GROs), the heartland celebrations ensure that there is something for everyone with a wide variety of community activities, including carnival games, Silent Disco, a sports carnival, a fashion show, multi-cultural performances, and a party for pets and their owners. All these activities, designed to cater to residents’ interests, will bring and connect over <strong>70,000 residents</strong> and their families, friends, and neighbours, to collectively share their aspirations for the New Year.</p><p></p><p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Some of the festive highlights on 30 December 2023 include <strong>Our Tampines Hub’s New Year’s Eve and New Year celebrations </strong>which will extend over three days from 30 December 2023 to 1 January 2024, featuring activities such as gigantic board games for families, eco-related workshops and cooking sessions to express their creativity. With a growing number of pet owners in the estate, <strong>Farrer Leedon Residents’ Network (RN) will organise a ‘Year-end Paw-Ty’ for pet owners to celebrate with their furry friends.</strong> Through the session, pet enthusiasts can connect, share experiences, and access valuable resources for their beloved pets. There will also be a best-dressed competition for pet owners to showcase their pets’ unique personalities and styles.</p><p></p><p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; On 31 December 2023, residents can look forward to ushering in the New Year with their loved ones at the countdown parties. <strong>One Punggol’s New Year’s Eve 2023 offers a mesmerising display of cold pyrotechnics and a light show with electrifying dance music</strong>, which will appeal to youths. Over at <strong>Marine Parade Year-end Countdown Party, </strong>families can bond over carnival games such as Giant Snakes &amp; Ladder or explore a 24-metre inflatable playground at <strong>NorthBound Fest @ Marsiling</strong>. There will also be a <strong>year-end sports carnival at Sengkang Community Club (CC)</strong>,<strong> </strong>where residents will get to experience KpopX dance, trampolines, and obstacles games, as well as old school games such as flipping the giant eraser. Families and individuals seeking a more unique experience can join the <strong>Silent Disco at</strong> <strong>Heartbeat @ Bedok’s Year-end Carnival and Disco</strong>. Designed for residents of all ages, this immersive experience allows participants to dance to their preferred music using colourful LED headphones.</p><p></p><p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; In addition, <strong>Nee Soon GRC GROs will organise its first-ever year-end party </strong>which will feature concert performances by homegrown artistes including Stephen Zechariah, Annette Lee, and local band 53A. Keat Hong will hold its signature year-end countdown party – <strong>Keat Hong Fiesta Countdown to 2024</strong> – with highlights including a fashion show featuring traditional fusion outfits made from recycled materials and a variety of engaging games and activities for residents to soak in the festivities.</p><p></p><p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Members of the public can approach their nearby CCs, Residents’ Committees (RCs), Neighbourhood Committees (NCs), and RNs for more information on the events. More information on the community countdown celebrations can be found in the <a href="/files/NewsRoom/Annex_Year_End_Countdown_Celebrations_2024.pdf" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Annex</a>.</p><p></p>